shelly.kagan, talgordon
Shelly Kagan (325264414), Tal Gordon (325312684)
EX: 2

FILES:
myfile.c -- a file with some code
myfile.h -- a file with some headers

REMARKS:
These are some remarks that
I want the graders to know
about this submission.

ANSWERS:

Q1:
a. sigsetjmp saves the current location,  CPU state and signal mask
siglongjmp goes to the saved location, restoring the state and the signal mask

b. sigsetjmp - if the flag "savemask" is not 0, sigsetjmp will also save
the current signal mask of the calling thread as part of the calling environment.
siglongjmp - if the env was initialized by a sigsetjmp with a non-zero savemask 
argument, it will restore the saved signal mask.

Q2:
an example can be a website which shows multiple video while allowing the user to interact with the site.
its a proccess with a lot of threads which runs simultaneously, and we want it to run fast.
making it via user-level threads will be better, because it will be much faster (remvoes the
overhead of switching to kernel mode).

Q3:
disadvantage - it will be slower, since the overhead is higher. it takes more time to terminate and to be created.
advantage - since all the threads shares the same address space, there isnt a seperation between them, and an illegal
operation of one thread (tab) can effect all the other tabs. if one crashs, we wont lose the others.

Q4:
c. every click on the keyboard (of typing the command) triggers an HARDWARE interrupt which is handled by the OS.
the Shell sends a trap to the OS
the OS sends a TERM signal to the application process

Q5:
real time is the time that is measured by an interal clock of the computer, and used for mostly synchronize and 
timestamping external activities, such as save a file's creation time, or financial trading.
virtual time is  a logical time that is used to order events in a system. It is often used in situations where 
multiple  processors working on a task simultaneously and need to coordinate their activities, to ensure that 
events are processed in the correct order. it is the running time of the process.